hello my name is jean paul arratia and in
this video I'm going to talk about the
internal configuration of the brain the
internal brain is formed by
different structures each of the
which fulfills a different function and
determined within the inner brain
we'll start talking about the structures
innermost to the outermost
first of all the thalamus
the thalamus is a neuronal structure that
originates in the brain the division
of the forebrain in the embryo is the
most voluminous structure in this area
is in the center of the brain above
of the hypothalamus and separated from it by the
monroe tare furrow monroe
its location is very important because
if it will suffer any damage we could not
receive certain stimuli for this
motive is at the center of our
encephalon the next the force knicks
it's a set of nervous people in
way of being of the brain
and carry the signals of this type field
to the hypothalamus as well as from a
hemisphere to the other
from a function point of view
of forn and x this fibrous structure
participates in the union of all those
elements of the limbic system of
right hemisphere with those of
left hemisphere connecting areas
anterior cortical with areas
posterior cortical against lateral
that is to say that it crosses the information
the hypothalamus
this is a nuclear region of the brain
that is part of the brain day and it
places below the thalamus is the region
of the most important brain for
coordination of essential behaviors
linked to the maintenance of
species regulates the release of hormones
of the pituitary gland maintains the temperature
body and organizes behaviors such as
feeding liquid intake
mating and aggression is the regulator
central visceral functions
autonomous and endocrine
the pituitary gland or hypothesis
is a great endocrine question that segregates
hormones responsible for regulating
homeostasis including hormones
tropics that regulate the function of
other glands of the endocrine system
depending in part on the hypothalamus the
which in turn regular secretion of
some hormones
the corpus callosum the corpus callosum is
the most extensive nerve fiber ace
of the human brain its function is that of
serve as a means of communication between a
cerebral hemisphere and another in order to
that both sides of the brain work
joint and complementary form
the hippocampus is a marginal structure
and less complex in terms of layers of
same cortical gray substance of the lobule
temporary for that reason it belongs by a
part to the limbic system and on the other to the
arc and bark composing next to his
vehicle and the dentate gyrus the call
hippocampal formation
just like the rest of the cortex
cerebral is a varied structure with
two halves that are mirror images
in both cerebral hemispheres
and finally the singular convolution
is found in the marginal portion of
the cerebral cortex on the surface
internal of the cerebral hemisphere and born to
Circle level of the corpus callosum
where it joins with the previous end of
the internal perpendicular convolution
and forms a tiny lobe called
Olfactory crossroads or drill center
and those were all the structures of the
internal configuration of the brain this
it was my video
thank you very much for listening and many
thanks for your attention
good afternoon